Scenes:
Thumbnail
Australia_Airports
Way_To_Japan
Japan_Overview
Airport_Discussion
Train_Route
Train_Line
Konbini
Tobutojo
Welcome_To_Nishidai
Find_Appartment
Christy_And_Book
Sign_Investigation
School_Front
School_Garden
Meme_Picture
Room
Floor_Plan
Appartment
Rent_Compare
Website
Ending



Australia_Airports:
Our journey starts in Adelaide, southern Australia, from where we take the plane to Melbourne to get our visas from the Japanese embassy. Let's 
fly back to Adelaide to say goodbye to our loved ones and take the long flight to the other hemisphere.

Int1:
July 5th, 2017, Christy Anne Jones who is at the time 21 is moving to Tokyo with her boyfriend Tyler. Since she was little she learned Japanese 
and her dream was always to move to Tokyo someday.

Way_To_Japan:
Let's take a long flight (11hours) right to Japan.

Japan_Overview:
We want to land in Tokyo somewhere but where is it? Can you see it? Here is a short overview. Japan can be divided into four main islands. 
Hokkaido, wich is the northern most prefecture with up to 150 snow days. Honshu, the main island containing most of what you know about Japan. 
Shikoku, a smaller island connected by the Seto-Ohashi-brige. And Kyushu, which is known for its tonkotsu ramen. Tōkyō is right here in Honshu.

Airport_Discussion:
Here is the thing. Tōkyō has two airports, the first one is Haneda airport right in central Tokyo and the other one is Narita airport which is 
technically part of Chiba. So her first hotel is in Ikebukuro right here. Let's take a look at the distances. So when I read the text I was 
wondering why she would land in Narita instead of Haneda. Actually there are a few reasons. Narita handles more international flights and it 
is more cost effective because of its history and its location. Budged wise it could make sense for Christy to arrive at Narita.

Train_Route:
So let's find a way to get from Narita to Ikebukuro. Using the route planer of Google maps I found this route wich takes you to your destination 
in about one and a half hours with a price of about 2700¥ (16.59€). It uses the Yamanote line wich goes around Tokyo, connecting many important 
stations. You tap your IC Card on the gate and head outside. 

Train_Line:
We tap our IC Card on the gate and take the Yamanote line.

Konbini:
First Christy goes to a konbini, a convenience store, sounds fance but as you can see they are around literally every corner. Technically you 
could live only using konbini. 

Tobutojo:
After a night in Ikebukuro we take the tobu tōjō main line north to Itabashi, Nishidai. The text mentions one tire of the suitcase burning right 
off because of the heat wich I first didn't believe, but that's actually true as I found out, she told that on her YouTube channel in a video 
from 2017 about moving to Tokyo.

Welcome_To_Nishidai:
This is Nishidai, a part of Itabashi, northern Tokyo. Christy told in her videos this apartment here is only temporary for 3 months. Later she 
actually moved to a different bigger apartment in Tokyo. But where exactly is her apartment and how do you even find information about her?

Find_Appartment
First I looked at the sources at the end of our English book. There she is. Now you can enter this information into Google and find her 
website and social media.

Christy_And_Book
This is Christy Anne Jones, a writer, illustrator and video maker. She published her book, a travel guide and memoir, A year in Tokyo in 2022 
which can be bought as a physical or digital copy. 

Sign_Investigation:
Another thing catching my eye immediately when reading the text is the picture under the heading Our First Apartment. Let's break the image 
down to see what that actually is. She posted that image on Instagram with the comment I have no idea what that sign says but it is adorable. 
Let's find out for her. The sign reads oishii yasai juku. oishii means delicious, yasai vegetable, juku school. So it's a delicious vegetable 
school. 

School_Front/ School_Garden
When we enter this into Google we actually find the restaurant, and it is actually also in Nishidai. It has vegetable gardens like speculated 
in the post. The Vegetable School aims to cultivate a healthy and sustainable future through organic vegetables.

Meme_Picture:
When you look at the picture in the book of the cicada the first thing that comes to my mind is this: So in reality it's a bit more disgusting 
than it is portrayed here.

Room:
So if I use all the information and do a Google search I directly find a match. There is an apartment in this region matching for example the 
discovered picture and circumstances she describes.

Floor_Plan:
This is the floor plan which also quite matches with the drawing in the text. It has the same features but slightly different proportions, 
Christy isn't an architect after all.

Appartment:
So this is the apartment from the front, quite nice isn't it?

Rent_Compare:
There is this very famous Japanese website called suumo where you can rent and buy houses and apartments all over Japan. You can seat with 
any filters you image and is therefore extremely convenient. Comparing the prices you can see that the rent is actually average for this region 
as well as the size, train connection and equipment. Really great choice Christy!

Website:
If you now feel interested here is Christy's website where you can find her social media and books to lern further about this story and topic.